Adding examples to downtime documentation (#10883)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/downtimes.md

If you choose to silence monitors constrained by scope, click **Preview affected monitors** to see the monitors included. Any monitors created or edited after the downtime is scheduled are automatically included in the downtime if they match the scope.

#### Downtime scope

When constraining a downtime to a simple alert monitor, the `Group scope` field can be ignored since a simple alert monitor aggregates over all reporting sources to send a single alert.

If a multi-alert monitor is included, it is only silenced for groups covered by the scope. For example, if a downtime is scoped for `host:X` and a multi-alert is triggered on both `host:X` and `host:Y`, Datadog generates a monitor notification for `host:Y`, but not `host:X`.

The examples below show how `Group scope` may be applied to multi-alert monitors.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "By Monitor Name" %}}

**Example 1: Mute notification for a specific service**

> 1. To schedule downtime on only one group (in this case, `service:web-store`), that group is entered in the `Group scope` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To schedule downtime on only one group (in this case, `service:web-store`), enter that group in the `Group scope` field.
```

2. **Preview affected monitors** indicates that the monitor chosen is still in scope, so alerts for the group `service:web-store` are muted during the scheduled downtime.

{{< img src="monitors/downtimes/downtime_examplebyname1_downtime.jpg" alt="downtime example"  style="width:80%;">}}

3. Scheduled downtime begins, with only alerts for the group `service:web-store` muted for this monitor.

{{< img src="monitors/downtimes/downtime_examplebyname1_monitor.jpg" alt="downtime example"  style="width:80%;">}}

4. To schedule a downtime on more than one group (e.g. `service:synthesizer`, `service:consul`, etc.), you can create an additional downtime per group. 

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "By Monitor Tags" %}}

If a scheduled downtime is based on a common monitor tag and the monitors in scope are multi-alert monitors with one “group by” scope, the `Group scope` field can be used to silence a group that the monitors in scope have in common.

> **Example 1: Two multi alert monitors, each with one “group by” scope have the `downtime:true` monitor tag in common.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 1: Two multi alert monitors, each with one “group by” scope, have the `downtime:true` monitor tag in common.**
```
